doc_source/data-encryption.md, before:

# Data encryption<a name="data-encryption"></a>

Data encryption refers to protecting data while in transit and at rest\. You can protect your data by using Amazon S3\-managed keys or KMS keys at rest, alongside standard Transport Layer Security \(TLS\) while in transit\.

## Encryption at rest<a name="encryption-rest"></a>

Amazon Transcribe uses the default Amazon S3 key \(SSE\-S3\) for server\-side encryption of transcripts placed in your Amazon S3 bucket\.

When you use the [StartTranscriptionJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html) operation, you can specify your own KMS key to encrypt the output from a transcription job\.

Amazon Transcribe uses an Amazon EBS volume encrypted with the default key\.

## Encryption in transit<a name="encryption-transit"></a>

Amazon Transcribe uses TLS 1\.2 with AWS certificates to encrypt data in transit\. This includes streaming transcriptions\.

## Key management<a name="key-management"></a>

Amazon Transcribe works with KMS keys to provide enhanced encryption for your data\. Amazon S3 already enables you to encrypt your input media when creating a transcription job\. Integration with AWS KMS enables you to encrypt the output from a [StartTranscriptionJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html) request\.

If you don't specify a KMS key, the output of the transcription job is encrypted with the default Amazon S3 key \(SSE\-S3\)\.

For more information on AWS KMS, see the [AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html)\.

### Key management using the AWS Management Console<a name="kms-console"></a>

To encrypt the output of your transcription job, you can choose between using a KMS key for the AWS account that is making the request, or you can use a KMS key from another AWS account\.

If you don't specify a KMS key, the output of the transcription job is encrypted with the default Amazon S3 key \(SSE\-S3\)\.

**To enable output encryption:**

1. Under **Output data** choose **Encryption**\.  
![\[You must provide a KMS key ID when you enable encryption.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/dg/images/output-encryption.png)![\[You must provide a KMS key ID when you enable encryption.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/dg/)

1. Choose whether the KMS key is from the AWS account you're currently using or from a different AWS account\. If you want to use a key from the current AWS account, choose the key from **KMS key ID**\. If you're using a key from a different AWS account, you need to enter the key's ARN\. To use a key from a different AWS account, the caller must have `kms:Encrypt` permissions for the KMS key\. Refer to [Creating a key policy ](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policy-overview.html) for more information\.

### Key management using the API<a name="kms-api"></a>

To use output encryption with the API, you must specify your KMS key using the `OutputEncryptionKMSKeyId` parameter of the [StartCallAnalyticsJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartCallAnalyticsJob.html), [StartMedicalTranscriptionJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartMedicalTranscriptionJob.html), or [StartTranscriptionJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html) operation\.

If using a key located in the **current** AWS account, you can specify your KMS key in one of four ways:

1. Use the KMS key ID itself\. For example, `1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab`\.

1. Use an alias for the KMS key ID\. For example, `alias/ExampleAlias`\.

1. Use the Amazon Resource Name \(ARN\) for the KMS key ID\. For example, `arn:aws:kms:region:account-ID:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab`\.

1. Use the ARN for the KMS key alias\. For example, `arn:aws:kms:region:account-ID:alias/ExampleAlias`\.

If using a key located in a **different** AWS account than the current AWS account, you can specify your KMS key in one of two ways:

1. Use the ARN for the KMS key ID\. For example, `arn:aws:kms:region:account-ID:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab`\.

1. Use the ARN for the KMS key alias\. For example, `arn:aws:kms:region:account-ID:alias/ExampleAlias`\.

Note that the user making the request must have permission to use the specified KMS key\.

## AWS KMS encryption context<a name="kms-context"></a>

AWS KMS encryption context is a map of plain text, non\-secret key:value pairs\. This map represents additional authenticated data, known as encryption context pairs, which provide an added layer of security for your data\. Amazon Transcribe requires a symmetric encryption key to encrypt transcription output into a customer\-specified Amazon S3 bucket\. To learn more, see [Asymmetric keys in AWS KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/symmetric-asymmetric.html)\.

When creating your encryption context pairs, **do not** include sensitive information\. Encryption context is not secret—it is visible in plain text within your CloudTrail logs \(so you can use it to identify and categorize your cryptographic operations\)\.

Your encryption context pair can include special characters, such as underscores \(`_`\), dashes \(`-`\), slashes \(`/`, `\`\) and colons \(`:`\)\.

**Tip**  
It can be useful to relate the values in your encryption context pair to the data being encrypted\. Although not required, we recommend you use non\-sensitive metadata related to your encrypted content, such as file names, header values, or unencrypted database fields\.

To use output encryption with the API, set the `KMSEncryptionContext` parameter in the [StartTranscriptionJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html) operation\. In order to provide encryption context for the output encryption operation, the `OutputEncryptionKMSKeyId` parameter must reference a symmetric KMS key ID\.

You can use [AWS KMS condition keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/policy-conditions.html#conditions-kms) with IAM policies to control access to a symmetric encryption KMS key based on the encryption context that was used in the request for a [cryptographic operation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#cryptographic-operations)\. For an example encryption context policy, see [AWS KMS encryption context policy](security_iam_id-based-policy-examples.md#kms-context-policy)\.

Using encryption context is optional, but recommended\. For more information, see [ Encryption context](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#encrypt_context)\.

Commit message:

Support for real-time Call Analytics

doc_source/data-encryption.md, after:

# Data encryption<a name="data-encryption"></a>

Data encryption refers to protecting data while in transit and at rest\. You can protect your data by using Amazon S3\-managed keys or KMS keys at rest, alongside standard Transport Layer Security \(TLS\) while in transit\.

## Encryption at rest<a name="encryption-rest"></a>

Amazon Transcribe uses the default Amazon S3 key \(SSE\-S3\) for server\-side encryption of transcripts placed in your Amazon S3 bucket\.

When you use the [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html) operation, you can specify your own KMS key to encrypt the output from a transcription job\.

Amazon Transcribe uses an Amazon EBS volume encrypted with the default key\.

## Encryption in transit<a name="encryption-transit"></a>

Amazon Transcribe uses TLS 1\.2 with AWS certificates to encrypt data in transit\. This includes streaming transcriptions\.

## Key management<a name="key-management"></a>

Amazon Transcribe works with KMS keys to provide enhanced encryption for your data\. Amazon S3 already enables you to encrypt your input media when creating a transcription job\. Integration with AWS KMS enables you to encrypt the output from a [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html) request\.

If you don't specify a KMS key, the output of the transcription job is encrypted with the default Amazon S3 key \(SSE\-S3\)\.

For more information on AWS KMS, see the [AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html)\.

### Key management using the AWS Management Console<a name="kms-console"></a>

To encrypt the output of your transcription job, you can choose between using a KMS key for the AWS account that is making the request, or you can use a KMS key from another AWS account\.

If you don't specify a KMS key, the output of the transcription job is encrypted with the default Amazon S3 key \(SSE\-S3\)\.

**To enable output encryption:**

1. Under **Output data** choose **Encryption**\.  
![\[Screenshot of enabled encryption toggle and KMS key ID drop-down menu.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/dg/images/output-encryption.png)![\[Screenshot of enabled encryption toggle and KMS key ID drop-down menu.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/dg/)

1. Choose whether the KMS key is from the AWS account you're currently using or from a different AWS account\. If you want to use a key from the current AWS account, choose the key from **KMS key ID**\. If you're using a key from a different AWS account, you need to enter the key's ARN\. To use a key from a different AWS account, the caller must have `kms:Encrypt` permissions for the KMS key\. Refer to [Creating a key policy ](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policy-overview.html) for more information\.

### Key management using the API<a name="kms-api"></a>

To use output encryption with the API, you must specify your KMS key using the `OutputEncryptionKMSKeyId` parameter of the [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartCallAnalyticsJob.html](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartCallAnalyticsJob.html), [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartMedicalTranscriptionJob.html](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartMedicalTranscriptionJob.html), or [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html) operation\.

If using a key located in the **current** AWS account, you can specify your KMS key in one of four ways:

1. Use the KMS key ID itself\. For example, `1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab`\.

1. Use an alias for the KMS key ID\. For example, `alias/ExampleAlias`\.

1. Use the Amazon Resource Name \(ARN\) for the KMS key ID\. For example, `arn:aws:kms:region:account-ID:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab`\.

1. Use the ARN for the KMS key alias\. For example, `arn:aws:kms:region:account-ID:alias/ExampleAlias`\.

If using a key located in a **different** AWS account than the current AWS account, you can specify your KMS key in one of two ways:

1. Use the ARN for the KMS key ID\. For example, `arn:aws:kms:region:account-ID:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab`\.

1. Use the ARN for the KMS key alias\. For example, `arn:aws:kms:region:account-ID:alias/ExampleAlias`\.

Note that the user making the request must have permission to use the specified KMS key\.

## AWS KMS encryption context<a name="kms-context"></a>

AWS KMS encryption context is a map of plain text, non\-secret key:value pairs\. This map represents additional authenticated data, known as encryption context pairs, which provide an added layer of security for your data\. Amazon Transcribe requires a symmetric encryption key to encrypt transcription output into a customer\-specified Amazon S3 bucket\. To learn more, see [Asymmetric keys in AWS KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/symmetric-asymmetric.html)\.

When creating your encryption context pairs, **do not** include sensitive information\. Encryption context is not secret—it is visible in plain text within your CloudTrail logs \(so you can use it to identify and categorize your cryptographic operations\)\.

Your encryption context pair can include special characters, such as underscores \(`_`\), dashes \(`-`\), slashes \(`/`, `\`\) and colons \(`:`\)\.

**Tip**  
It can be useful to relate the values in your encryption context pair to the data being encrypted\. Although not required, we recommend you use non\-sensitive metadata related to your encrypted content, such as file names, header values, or unencrypted database fields\.

To use output encryption with the API, set the `KMSEncryptionContext` parameter in the [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/APIReference/API_StartTranscriptionJob.html) operation\. In order to provide encryption context for the output encryption operation, the `OutputEncryptionKMSKeyId` parameter must reference a symmetric KMS key ID\.

You can use [AWS KMS condition keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/policy-conditions.html#conditions-kms) with IAM policies to control access to a symmetric encryption KMS key based on the encryption context that was used in the request for a [cryptographic operation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#cryptographic-operations)\. For an example encryption context policy, see [AWS KMS encryption context policy](security_iam_id-based-policy-examples.md#kms-context-policy)\.

Using encryption context is optional, but recommended\. For more information, see [ Encryption context](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#encrypt_context)\.
